.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/caption-translation.md, before:

---
name: "Video Caption Translation"
about: Translating the captions of a video into the core languages of the Eastern Townhall.
title: ":globe_with_meridians: Caption translation of <VIDEO NAME>"
labels: Translation, Japanese, Indonesian, Korean, Vietnamese, English
assignees:
  - haskellcoding29
  - cardanoz
  - andreassosilo
  - YanTirta
  - Mietran0407
  - tienna
  - zicozibu
---

The [VIDEO NAME]((<Video link>)) video is up and needs captions (subtitles) to be translated. Can you please translate your respective language for us asap?

### Languages

- [ ] [Indonesian](<Gitlocalize link>)
- [ ] [Japanese](<Gitlocalize link>)
- [ ] [Korean](<Gitlocalize link>)
- [ ] [Vietnamese](<Gitlocalize link>)

Please check off the translation above when you have completed the task so others know it no longer needs doing. The captions will then be merged into this repository, ready to be uploaded to Youtube. Please note that only the English language versions have captions at the moment.

### Video Subtitles

Once translated the captions need to be uploaded to Youtube via [Youtube Studio](<Youtube Studio video link>)

- [ ] Indonesian
- [ ] Japanese
- [ ] Korean
- [ ] Vietnamese

Commit message:

Update to Video Caption translation issue template

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/caption-translation.md, after:

---
name: "Video Caption Translation"
about: Translating the captions of a video into the core languages of the Eastern Townhall.
title: ":globe_with_meridians: Caption translation of <VIDEO NAME>"
labels: Translation, Japanese, Indonesian, Korean, Vietnamese, English
assignees:
  - haskellcoding29
  - cardanoz
  - andreassosilo
  - YanTirta
  - Mietran0407
  - tienna
  - zicozibu
---

The [VIDEO NAME](<Video link>) video is up and needs captions (subtitles) to be translated. Can you please translate it into your language for us. 
### Languages

- [ ] [Indonesian](<Gitlocalize link>)
- [ ] [Japanese](<Gitlocalize link>)
- [ ] [Korean](<Gitlocalize link>)
- [ ] [Vietnamese](<Gitlocalize link>)

Translations can be done by anyone in the community; Language moderators need to approve the changes and submit the pull requests.

Please refer to the [Contributors Guide](/README/en/CONTRIBUTING.md) to understand what it means to contribute.

**Language moderators (assignees)**: Please check off the language(s) above when you have approved the translations and a pull request has been submitted. That way others know it has been done. 
### Merging Translations

When the captions have been translated, the Pull Request will be checked, and any fixes applied. The captions will then be merged into this repository ready to be uploaded to Youtube. Please note that only the English language versions have captions at the moment.

- [ ] Indonesian PR Merged
- [ ] Japanese PR Merged
- [ ] Korean PR Merged
- [ ] Vietnamese PR Merged

**Site Maintainers/Admins**: Check the pull requests and merge the files. Please check off the languages merged above so we know what is left to do. 

Also link the PR with this issue and remove the associated language(s) label(s) covered by the PR. That makes it easier to find any active translation tasks by language.

*NOTE*: Fixes are typically required because the translation software (GitLocalize) does not handle SRT files and escapes special characters.
### Video Subtitles

Once translated, the captions need to be uploaded to Youtube via [Youtube Studio](<Youtube Studio video link>). Only Eastern Townhall (ETH) Admins can do this.

- [ ] Indonesian Subtitles
- [ ] Japanese Subtitles
- [ ] Korean Subtitles
- [ ] Vietnamese Subtitles

**ETH Admins:** Please upload the captions to Youtube. When done please check off the language(s) above so we know what is left to do.
